undertaker's under tak er 's
permanencies permanen ci es
townswomen town s women
donates donate s
motor-coach motor - coach
coffees coffee s
yeasty yeast y
rowdies rowdi es
test-drives test - drive s
prunes prune s
rococo roc oco 
living-space liv ing - space
whitecaps white cap s
forward-looking for ward - look ing
crudities crudi ti es
stirred stirr ed
rampant ramp ant
ironic iron ic
livestock's live stock 's
peri peri
persuadable per suad able
hammed hamm ed
coddle coddle
consul's con sul 's
smoother smooth er
kneeing knee ing
warlike war like
honduras hondura s 
right right 
cacao cacao 
cross-talk cross - talk
stagecoach's stage coach 's
unplaced un plac ed
disagrees dis agree s
stodgy stodg y
suffuses suf fuse s
tollgate toll gate
embeds em bed s
lurid lurid 
settler's settl er 's
warm-hearted warm - heart ed
knitwear's kint wear 's
protestants' pro test ant s '
movers mov er s
sybaritic sybarit ic
forwarded for ward ed
streakers streak er s
coinage coin age
poofs poof s
cent cent
vastly vast ly
gipsies' gipsi es '
refracts re fract s
scorecards score card s
gibraltarian gibraltar ian
describe de scribe
scoreboard's score board 's
negations negat ion s
discovery's dis cover y 's
oiler's oil er 's
derogate de rog ate
cusps cusp s
ironies ironi es
reducing re duc ing
tutting tutt ing
rowanberry rowan berry
imports im port s
acquisitions' ac qui sit ion
anyplace any place
chart's chart 's
precipitates pre cipit ate s
foresaw fore saw
bequeathed be queath ed
momma mom ma 
overlapped over lapp ed
vanquished vanquish ed 
overflows over flow s
venezuela venez uela 
vilified vili fi ed
workmanlike work man like
goo goo
muscovites musco vite s
romantic's romant ic 's
protestants pro test ant s
guardians guard ian s
monogamous mono gam ous
videotape video tape
rigger rigg er
singers sing er s
refracted re fract ed
earthbound earth bound
prodded prodd ed
part-owner part - owner
chocolates choco late s
treatable treat able
caucuses caucus es
trespass tres pass
having hav ing
brushes' brush es '
gibbon gibbon
